hey everyone today is februari 25th in
today's contest is sponsored by iPhone
solar charger calm now the iphone solar
charger is an apple certified solar
charger so don't be fooled by those
knock-offs this solar charger allows you
to get some extra battery life for your
iphone from the Sun now this is the
iphone solar charger made by novo think
it's basically a shell for your iphone
which will give you an extra i want to
have 22 hours of talk time because we
all know those iphone batteries die
pretty quickly especially when you're on
the internet you're talking you're
texting your I aming and you're doing
everything that those phones can do now
this unit is in white but they come in
black green blue and silver so you have
a variety of choices now the green blue
and silver won't start shipping until
March but the black in the way are
available now at the iphone solar
charger website now in the back of the
unit is the solar panel this is
essentially how the unit charges if
you're under the Sun or even inside
under indoor lighting the unit will
charge now there's an internal battery
pack of this as well so if you don't
want to be outside charging it or you
know waiting for it to charge under the
indoor lighting you can use the provided
USB cable and it'll charge that way now
on the bottom here we have the indicator
lighting and when the first bar is red
that means the unit is charging under
indoor lighting or even under the Sun
now if you press the button the lights
will turn green it will show you how
much I you know percentage of how much
is left on the battery pack before you
need to recharge it I don't be fool
about all the knockoffs out there this
is the only Apple certified solar
battery charger so definitely pick this
up at iPhone solar charger calm now the
nice folks over an iphone solar charger
calm are offering everyone fifteen
percent off discount today so go to
iphone slow charge calm use a code lucky
at checkout to receive the fifteen
percent off discount now for today's
contest i'm giving away one of these
solar charges and any color of your
choice to win check out iphone solar
charger calm once you look around their
website coming over to any okiday calm
click the orange comment button on the
homepage leave a comment if you win
you'll get an email for me and I'll ship
you an iPhone solar charger for your
iphone